Homework 4, CSCI-4229: Computer Graphics 
Jeff Colgan

User Inputs:

   'ESCAPE' key   ->  Exits the application.
   'm' or 'M' key ->  Toggles between orthogonal overhead mode, perspective overhead mode
                      and first person perspective mode.
   'r' or 'R' key ->  (First person only) Resets the eye and C-vectors to the initial values.
   'RIGHT ARROW'  ->  (First person only) Turns the camera 5 degrees to the right.
   'LEFT ARROW'   ->  (Fisrt person only) Turns the camera 5 degrees to the left.
   'UP ARROW'     ->  (First person only) Moves the camera forward through the scene.
   'DOWN ARROW'   ->  (First person only) Moves the camera backward through the scene.

Sources (code):

   As per the assignment instruction, I based the 'Projection' function on the 'Project' 
   function found in ex9 source code from the in-class examples.  The scene and and objects
   are from the previous week's assignment submission with a few minor changes.  The assignment
   specifications wanted an overhead, slanted orthogonal projection as well as an overhead,
   slanted perspective projection from the same vantage point.  Thus, I removed the user's
   ability to change the view angle and view azimuth when in overhead orthogonal/perspective
   mode.

Additional notes:

   I approximated the position of the camera from the orthogonal projection for the perspective
   projection from the same vantage point.  I was unaware of any way to get the exact coordinates
   of the camera in orthogonal projection, so I eyeballed the eye coordinates for perspective
   projection overhead mode.  I also took the helper functions (Fatal, ErrCheck, and Print) and
   placed them in a separate source file along with the include directives and the new movement
   code.  This was in part to make things easier on the graders to see what I added for movement,
   and partially per the course expectations - I felt that the code was becoming sufficiently complex
   to split things into different source files, as the main c file was approaching the 1,000 line mark.
   Lastly, I limited the first-person movement to remain within the "floor" of my scene.  If you move
   to one of the edges of the floor, the camera will behave as if it hit a wall and slides along it.

Elapsed time:

   It took me about 11 hours to complete the assignment.