CSCI-4229 Homework 5 : Lighting
Created by Jeff Colgan

User controls:

ESCAPE key       -> Exits the application.
'm' key          -> Toggles orthogonal overhead projection and first person perspective
                    projection.
'r' key          -> (First person mode only) Resets eye and center point position.
'l' key          -> Toggles automatic light movement (orbit scene).
'p' key          -> (Light orbit disabled only) Increments the light source's position
                    along the orbit path, enabling manual control of light movement.
'o' key          -> Toggles vertical/horizontal light source orbit.
RIGHT ARROW key  -> (Orthogonal projection) : Increments view azimuth by 5 degrees.
                    (First person projection) : Turns eye/camera 5 degrees right.
LEFT ARROW key   -> (Orthogonal projection) : Decrements view azimuth by 5 degrees.
                    (First person projection): Turns eye/camera 5 degrees left.
UP ARROW key     -> (Orthogonal projeciton) : Increments view elevation by 5 degrees.
                    (First person projection) : Moves eye/camera forward.
DOWN ARROW key   -> (Orthogonal projection) : Decrements view elevation by 5 degrees.
                    (First person projection) : Moves eye/camera backward.

Sources (code):

  Example 13 from the in-class examples, in-class lecture slides for computing vertex normals.
  for this assignment I chose to iterate on the same scene I submitted from the previous two 
  assignments, and add lighting effects.

Notes:
  I made the light source for the scene the thruster jet from a rocket object that is orbiting
  the scene.  I decided to only add the light source to this rocket, and not the stationary one
  so that the lighting changes during the light source movement would be more apparent for grading
  and debugging.  I allowed the user to toggle between vertical and horizontal orbits.  In addition,
  I allowed the user to toggle the automatic orbit of the light source, so that they can increment
  the light source's position along the selected orbit path manually.  

Estimated time:
  TBD.  18hrs. so far.